You are the old man from five years ago
Yes, Mr. Yan
At that time, our family was at Qingcheng Hotel
Held a sister's celebration
Sister, she's drunk.
So I took her to her room.
But when passing by the room at the 888 Hotel
Suddenly someone grabbed me
I was indeed in my parents' room
Think about it.
He grabbed a passing woman
Why did you come to me only now?
That's what happened back then
Why is that bitch so lucky if you don't kiss her?
Not only did he sleep with the richest man in the early morning
And gave him a son
Now it's your luck
What do you mean?
Anorexic doesn't know who the woman was that night
Just rely on the half jade pendant left to Gu Qingqing to find someone
I have already told his subordinates.
The woman that night was you
That kid was thrown into the orphanage by me
Your dad is going to pick him up
You better go home now.
Take the child to find the anorexic minister
Can the Gu family turn over?
It's all up to you
Mom, you think too simply.
To kiss such a cautious person
If you take my word for it
He did a paternity test.
Isn't this completely exposed?
Don't worry.
I have prepared Gu Qingqing's hair for you.
It's absolutely foolproof.
If it wasn't for your people coming to me
I don't think I'll ever come to you in my life
Mr. Ye
I found out that the white eyebrow jade was found by lawyer Liu
Only then did I find Miss Gu
You go out first
Five years ago, I was 18.
Like everyone else, they are looking forward to the future outside
Who knew something like that would happen?
Later, I was too afraid to tell my parents
So I hurried abroad.
I accidentally found myself pregnant
The doctor told me I was weak
No abortion
If I had an abortion, it would make me infertile for life
I just decided to have a baby
Xiaobao
Spend time with me abroad
After those lonely and helpless years
As he grew up day by day
Yelling for dad every day
I want to give him a complete home
Did your people find me?
I just brought him to you
Full of lies
Qingqing was clearly talking about this woman Xiaoyao
Framed her
What is she still pretending to be a sister here?
But the details she said five years ago
But it all matches my situation that day
If Mr. Yan doesn't believe it
Here's my DNA and Xia Bao's DNA
She plays with her
And so forth.
Take it and welcome it.
Yes, Mr. Yan
Your name is Xiaobao
You are my father